what's up guys jfm here welcome back to
another video and in this video we are
going to be reviewing a beta build six
for Minecraft Pocket Edition zero point
12 point oh there are few two features
so let's go ahead and jump straight in
so as you guys could clearly see by that
quick little intro on we have a new
third person view settings so of course
we have the regular third person view
but we also have the front facing a 3rd
person view so now we can see our skins
it's really really awesome it's good to
take screenshots I don't know this is
just something that's been so little but
everyone's wanted it for a really really
really long time and now we finally have
it in beta build six so that is how it
works now it's up for some reason to
slider I really don't get why it's a
slider but it is a slider and there are
three settings one for each view of you
orientation angle I don't know that is
pretty sweet though and that's something
we've all wanted for a long time so that
is new also if you look down there lava
is a lot brighter now it used to have
weird shadows in it but now it is a
fully lava like and it is extremely
bright which is pretty sweet also gasps
are a lot more accurate now if you're
watching my let's play I went into the
nether and gas just they just couldn't
hit me and it was weird but I think
they're supposed to be a little more
accurate now I'll have to play with that
but you know what the dev site is with
the dev say so let's move on to the
survival aspect of things shall we but
before I do that real quick I do want to
mention that if you try to place water
in the nether it will make a little
fizzing sound and it will show some dust
particles so yeah no water for you boy
no water for you now that I'm done
bathing in my experience so let's go
ahead and check out some new anvil stuff
so anvil is a fully work now we're at
least they should we can test it out so
maybe we want to make this sword and
let's name it this name of paprika shall
we there we go paprika the sword I don't
even know if that's spelled right but we
should get paprika the sword and do we
get paprika this hard
perfect I don't think that's spelled
right but I don't even really know if
ever you guys but we have the lovely
diamond sword named paprika so it works
now finally we have a fully working in
bills along with all of these pretty
awesome new fixes there were a ton of
other bug fixes as well you guys can
check out the full changelog in the
description below but it's a ton of
boring stuff so you guys can go see if
you're really that interested but that's
really all i had to sew shoot i forgot
i'm on survival he's gonna try to come
get me Oh his buddies are gonna his
buddies are gonna come get me too uh
yeah so that is basically that for this
update now of course it is time to
speculate on when this update will be
released for iOS because I get asked
this every single video I make truth be
told I don't know it looks I would guess
at max three weeks probably two weeks I
I don't really know there's just nothing
else I mean they're really adding very
very minimal things and each update
we're just getting a few bugs fixed so I
really don't know but when it comes out
it is going to be polished and it is
going to be incredible and I can't wait
so let me let me know guys what do you
think what do you think this updates
gonna come out try to help us out let's
let's let's do some acting Lister's what
is the word what is the word guessing no
educated guessing that's the word will
do some educated guessing on when this
thing is going to come out obviously
we're not going to know until it rolls
out on the App Store but for now I'm
pretty pleased with the way this beta is
going there aren't too many bugs 0.9
point 0 was a nightmare and zero point
12 point 0 is relatively bug free so I'm
very excited I can't wait till this
releases to the public and everybody
gets to play it it is super super fun
but that's all I had for this build a
video if you did enjoy please go ahead
and drop a like below that's basically I
to say hope you guys had fun I'll talk
to you all later and as always stay
frosting my friends peace guys see ya
baba